 Custom Product Pages - App Store - Apple Developer View in English Apple Developer Get Started Explore Get Started Overview Learn Apple Developer Program Stay Updated Latest News Hello Developer Platforms Explore Platforms Apple Platforms iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS App Store Featured Design Distribution Games Accessories Web Home CarPlay Technologies Explore Technologies Overview Xcode Swift SwiftUI Featured Accessibility AI & Machine Learning App Intents Apple Intelligence Games Security Xcode Cloud Community Explore Community Overview Meet with Apple events Community events Developer Forums Open Source Featured WWDC Swift Student Challenge Developer Stories App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Centers Documentation Explore Documentation Documentation Library Technology Overviews Sample Code Human Interface Guidelines Videos Release Notes Featured Updates iOS iPadOS macOS watchOS visionOS tvOS Xcode Downloads Explore Downloads All Downloads Operating Systems Applications Design Resources Featured Xcode TestFlight Fonts SF Symbols Icon Composer Support Explore Support Overview Help Guides Developer Forums Feedback Assistant Contact Us Featured Account Help App Review Guidelines App Store Connect Help Upcoming Requirements Agreements and Guidelines System Status Quick Links Events News Forums Sample Code Videos --> App Store Open Menu Close Menu Overview What’s New Get Started Resources Developer story CBS Sports Best practice: Highlight seasonal content within the custom product page that visually aligns with the brand and reinforces specific features to relevant users. Audience: Users visiting the CBS Sports website on mobile. Results: 20 % Conversion rate Custom page (March Madness) Default Developer story State of Survival Best practice: Highlight RPG-driven features in custom product page screenshots, that align with their online marketing creative for consistency in the user journey. Audience: RPG gamers. Results: 33 % Conversion rate 14 % Cost per install Custom page (RPG-focused) Default Custom product pages on the App Store Publish additional versions of your App Store product page, each of which highlights a feature or specific content from your app and has a unique URL to share. Overview You can publish up to 70 additional versions of your product page on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Vary the screenshots, promotional text, and/or app previews on each product page to showcase specific features or content. Highlight a particular sport, character, show, or gameplay feature — even seasonal or culturally relevant content. Share your custom product pages with different audiences through unique URLs, and use them within Apple Ads campaigns to promote your app on the App Store. Custom product pages can also appear in relevant search results. Apps that are available for pre-order can also use custom product pages. Get started with custom product pages Make the most of custom product pages 2.5 PP Developers see a 2.5 percentage point increase on average when referring people to a custom product page. This is a 156% increase compared to the 1.6% average conversion rate on default product pages. Configuring in App Store Connect You can create your custom product pages in App Store Connect, where you’ll start with either a blank page, or a copy of your default product page. Add your customized screenshots, promotional text, and app previews for any of your page’s localizations. You can also assign keywords to your custom product page to make them even more discoverable. This lets your custom product page appear in search results for those selected keywords, rather than your default product page. When assigning keywords, ensure the keywords you select match the intent of your custom product page and that each keyword combination is unique to a single product page. You can also assign a deep link for each of your custom product pages. When you add a deep link, people who tap to open your app from your custom product page will be taken to a specific destination in your app. Deep links for custom product pages are supported in iOS 18 and iPadOS 18, or later. Any metadata included in your custom product pages must be submitted for review, which you can do independent of an app update. For a smooth review experience, make sure your screenshots and app previews follow the specifications, and that all metadata follows the App Review Guidelines . To automate metadata upload and submission for your custom product pages, you can use the App Store Connect API . Configure custom product pages in App Store Connect Create product pages in App Store Connect Promoting custom product pages In your communications Share a custom product page by including its unique URL in your communication channels, such as social media ads or promotions. For example, you can promote a sports team in an email campaign and link to the custom product page that highlights that team. The unique URL adds a new product page ID parameter to the default product page URL. Custom product pages can appear in editorially curated stories and collections on the Today, Games, and Apps tabs. They can also be used to create Search tab ads and search results ad variations on the App Store with Apple Ads. CBS Sports 20 % Conversion rate View developer story In apps and on the web Advertising networks can also use custom product pages in StoreKit-rendered ads that appear in apps and on the web. They’ll use the custom product page ID as the customProductPageIdentifier with SKOverlay , or as the SKStoreProductParameter CustomProductPageIdentifier with SKStoreProductViewController . State of Survival 33 % Conversion rate 14 % Cost per install View developer story On the App Store with Apple Ads Apple Ads supports custom product pages, allowing you to create ads that appear on the App Store — including those that display on the Today tab, Search tab, and in search results — that lead people to a particular page. And you can include a deep link in the custom product page used in your ad to quickly direct people to the exact place you want in your app. You can also create ad variations for search results based on different custom product pages, each with assets tailored for specific audiences, feature launches, or seasonal promotions. Find out how these developers have used custom product pages with Apple Ads to get higher tap-through and conversion rates, lower cost-per-install, and other performance improvements: Babbel Facetune Fetch HelloFresh Norton 360 Petit BamBou Pillow Rakuten Solitaire Grand Harvest Rocket Money Measuring success Once your custom product pages are live, you can measure their performance in App Analytics in App Store Connect. On the Acquisition tab, you’ll see product page impressions, downloads, redownloads, and conversion rates to understand how effective each page is at encouraging app downloads. You can also: Find out if people who downloaded your app from a custom product page stay engaged longer or spend more on Apple In-App Purchases. View retention data and average proceeds per paying user for each custom product page. Compare the performance of your custom product pages against your default product page. Learn more about App Store features Find effective ways to get discovered and grow your business on the App Store. Submit Prepare your apps and metadata for submission to the App Store. Learn more Manage Manage apps, analytics, sales reports, business information, and more. Learn more Promote Get marketing guidance and tools to help you promote your app on the App Store. Learn more Support Have a question or request? Get help with guides, articles, or by contacting us. Learn more Developer Footer App Store Custom Product Pages Platforms Open Menu Close Menu iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS App Store Tools Open Menu Close Menu Swift SwiftUI Swift Playground TestFlight Xcode Xcode Cloud Icon Composer SF Symbols Technologies Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Accessories AI & Machine Learning Apple In-App Purchase Apple Intelligence Audio & Video Augmented Reality Business Design Distribution Education Games Health & Fitness Localization Maps & Location Security Safari & Web Resources Open Menu Close Menu Documentation Downloads Sample Code Videos Documentation Archive Support Open Menu Close Menu Help Guides & Articles Contact Us Forums Feedback & Bug Reporting System Status Account Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer App Store Connect Certificates, IDs, & Profiles Feedback Assistant Programs Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer Program Apple Developer Enterprise Program App Store Small Business Program MFi Program Mini Apps Partner Program News Partner Program Video Partner Program Security Bounty Program Security Research Device Program Events Open Menu Close Menu Meet with Apple Apple Developer Centers App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Academies WWDC Read the latest news . Get the Apple Developer app . Follow us on bilibili , LinkedIn , WeChat , and YouTube . Light Dark Auto Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Agreements and Guidelines 