 App Previews - App Store - Apple Developer View in English Apple Developer Get Started Explore Get Started Overview Learn Apple Developer Program Stay Updated Latest News Hello Developer Platforms Explore Platforms Apple Platforms iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS App Store Featured Design Distribution Games Accessories Web Home CarPlay Technologies Explore Technologies Overview Xcode Swift SwiftUI Featured Accessibility AI & Machine Learning App Intents Apple Intelligence Games Security Xcode Cloud Community Explore Community Overview Meet with Apple events Community events Developer Forums Open Source Featured WWDC Swift Student Challenge Developer Stories App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Centers Documentation Explore Documentation Documentation Library Technology Overviews Sample Code Human Interface Guidelines Videos Release Notes Featured Updates iOS iPadOS macOS watchOS visionOS tvOS Xcode Downloads Explore Downloads All Downloads Operating Systems Applications Design Resources Featured Xcode TestFlight Fonts SF Symbols Icon Composer Support Explore Support Overview Help Guides Developer Forums Feedback Assistant Contact Us Featured Account Help App Review Guidelines App Store Connect Help Upcoming Requirements Agreements and Guidelines System Status Quick Links Events News Forums Sample Code Videos --> App Store Open Menu Close Menu Overview What’s New Get Started Resources Show more with app previews Engage people on the App Store with short videos of your iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, or visionOS app in action. Explore best practices for creating compelling app previews that spark interest and drive downloads of your app or game. About app previews App previews demonstrate the features, functionality, and user interface of your app using footage captured on device. You can have up to three app previews for each language your app supports, and each preview can be up to 30 seconds long. App previews display and autoplay on your product page and within search results, and they can be used in Apple Ads . Create your app previews Like your App Store product page screenshots, app previews are device-specific. For technical specifications and details on how to submit app previews, see App Store Connect Help . Be sure to follow the App Review Guidelines when submitting your app previews. And get best practices for capturing app previews and screenshots of your visionOS app. Plan your story Before capturing any previews, think about what content or features will get people excited about your app. Tell a cohesive story that takes people through your app — for example, your first preview might share an overview of your app experience, and then use subsequent previews to highlight additional content or features. If you have multiple previews, make sure that each video shows people something new about your app. Depict appropriate content. App previews must be appropriate for all ages, so they shouldn’t include objectionable content that includes violence, adult themes, or profanity. Show more gameplay than cutscenes so you don’t mislead your audience by giving a false impression of gameplay. Stay within the app. App previews must show only content within the app itself. Don’t film people interacting with a device, such as an over-the-shoulder angle or fingers tapping the screen. Include only authorized content. Show only material you have the legal right to display. If your app displays any protected content such as music, film, trademarked characters, brands, or other intellectual property assets, ensure you have the appropriate licensing rights for your marketing use in all territories. Design and graphics Use graphics and transitions. If you need to demonstrate how interaction or navigation works within your app, you may add graphic elements, such as touch hotspots. We recommend capturing the native UI resolution rather than zooming in on the view. Ensure that any transitions between scenes don’t imply functionality that your app doesn’t include. Aim to use straightforward transitions, like dissolves and fades. Add additional context with copy. By default, app previews play with the sound muted, so consider using copy to add additional context to your footage. Ensure text is legible, is easy to understand, and remains on the screen long enough for people to read. Avoid any seasonal or timely references that will age your video, such as “new for spring” or dates. Don’t include specific prices, as pricing and currencies vary across regions. Note if a purchase is required. If you display features that are only available through in-app purchase, or if your app uses a subscription model or requires login, you must disclose this. Disclaimer copy can be included within the footage or in the end frame. Consider your audio. To establish continuity across scenes, consider using a single musical score or soundtrack throughout your entire app preview. To reinforce functionality in your app, you can include sound effects from your UI or gameplay in your footage. If you decide to use any voiceover to enhance your app preview, use high-quality audio equipment and record in locations without background noise to deliver the best user experience. You might even choose to work with a professional voice over actor. This is the voice of your app — make sure it resonates. AR apps for iOS and iPadOS Use app previews to show people what they can do with the virtual objects placed into their surroundings. Choose an uncluttered, well-lit setting that’s free of anything that may include sensitive content, personal information, or intellectual property. Provide enough details in the physical environment for your app to track, so virtual content appears steady — for example, a textured surface may help your app recognize and understand the scene. When depicting multiplayer experiences, make sure the devices of other players aren’t visible in your footage. To help people distinguish what’s virtual from what’s real, particularly when a virtual object is designed to look real, use the first few seconds of your app preview to show the object being placed into a user’s surrounding or being manipulated. For example, you might show a virtual couch moving in a room or show the fabric changing on the couch. If you’d like, you can nod to augmented reality in short form in your app description: AR app or AR game. Only use AR to refer to apps that offer actual augmented reality functionality. You can also choose to mention AR in one of three other metadata fields: your app name, subtitle, or keywords. Capture your app preview Capturing and editing footage Capture app footage from the device using QuickTime Player on macOS simply by connecting your device to a Mac. You can also use iMovie or Final Cut Pro to edit your previews. Creating videos with QuickTime Creating videos with iMovie Creating videos with Final Cut Pro Capturing screenshots and video from Apple Vision Pro for 2D viewing Select a poster frame If someone has turned off video autoplay in their App Store settings, a poster frame will display. Select a visually compelling poster frame from your footage that conveys the essence of your app. If you change the poster frame on an app preview that’s already approved, you’ll need to submit a new version of your app preview. Set an app preview poster frame Submit for review Use App Store Connect to upload, manage, and submit your app previews. You can also use the App Store Connect API to upload App Preview Sets, which are a collection of app previews for an app locale and display target. Upload app previews and screenshots App Preview Sets Submit Prepare your apps and metadata for submission to the App Store. Learn more Manage Manage apps, analytics, sales reports, business information, and more. Learn more Promote Get marketing guidance and tools to help you promote your app on the App Store. Learn more Support Have a question or request? Get help with guides, articles, or by contacting us. Learn more Developer Footer App Store App Previews Platforms Open Menu Close Menu iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS App Store Tools Open Menu Close Menu Swift SwiftUI Swift Playground TestFlight Xcode Xcode Cloud Icon Composer SF Symbols Technologies Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Accessories AI & Machine Learning Apple In-App Purchase Apple Intelligence Audio & Video Augmented Reality Business Design Distribution Education Games Health & Fitness Localization Maps & Location Security Safari & Web Resources Open Menu Close Menu Documentation Downloads Sample Code Videos Documentation Archive Support Open Menu Close Menu Help Guides & Articles Contact Us Forums Feedback & Bug Reporting System Status Account Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer App Store Connect Certificates, IDs, & Profiles Feedback Assistant Programs Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer Program Apple Developer Enterprise Program App Store Small Business Program MFi Program Mini Apps Partner Program News Partner Program Video Partner Program Security Bounty Program Security Research Device Program Events Open Menu Close Menu Meet with Apple Apple Developer Centers App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Academies WWDC Read the latest news . Get the Apple Developer app . Follow us on bilibili , LinkedIn , WeChat , and YouTube . Light Dark Auto Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Agreements and Guidelines 