 Creating Your Product Page - App Store - Apple Developer View in English Apple Developer Get Started Explore Get Started Overview Learn Apple Developer Program Stay Updated Latest News Hello Developer Platforms Explore Platforms Apple Platforms iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS App Store Featured Design Distribution Games Accessories Web Home CarPlay Technologies Explore Technologies Overview Xcode Swift SwiftUI Featured Accessibility AI & Machine Learning App Intents Apple Intelligence Games Security Xcode Cloud Community Explore Community Overview Meet with Apple events Community events Developer Forums Open Source Featured WWDC Swift Student Challenge Developer Stories App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Centers Documentation Explore Documentation Documentation Library Technology Overviews Sample Code Human Interface Guidelines Videos Release Notes Featured Updates iOS iPadOS macOS watchOS visionOS tvOS Xcode Downloads Explore Downloads All Downloads Operating Systems Applications Design Resources Featured Xcode TestFlight Fonts SF Symbols Icon Composer Support Explore Support Overview Help Guides Developer Forums Feedback Assistant Contact Us Featured Account Help App Review Guidelines App Store Connect Help Upcoming Requirements Agreements and Guidelines System Status Quick Links Events News Forums Sample Code Videos --> App Store Open Menu Close Menu Overview What’s New Get Started Resources You can now take advantage of product page optimization , and create custom product pages on the App Store. Creating your product page Every element of your App Store product page has the power to drive downloads of your app. Learn how to help customers discover your app and engage them through thoughtfully crafted metadata on your product page and in search results. You can build and maintain your product page in App Store Connect or automate your workflow with the App Store Connect API. App name Your app’s name plays a critical role in how users discover it on the App Store. Choose a simple, memorable name that is easy to spell and hints at what your app does. Be distinctive. Avoid names that use generic terms or are too similar to existing app names. An app name can be up to 30 characters long. App Name App Name Icon Your app icon is one of the first elements of your app that users see, so it’s essential to make a strong first impression that communicates your app’s quality and purpose. Work with a graphic designer to create an icon that is simple and recognizable. Try testing different options to determine which icon is the most recognizable and meaningful to your target audience. To ensure the icon is legible in all sizes, avoid adding unnecessary visual details. For information about creating a beautiful and memorable icon, see the Human Interface Guidelines . Icon Icon Subtitle Your app’s subtitle is intended to summarize your app in a concise phrase. Consider using this, rather than your app’s name, to explain the value of your app in greater detail. Avoid generic descriptions such as “world’s best app.” Instead, highlight features or typical uses of your app that resonate with your audience. You can update your subtitle when submitting a new version of your app to help you determine the subtitle that’s most effective for engaging users. A subtitle can be up to 30 characters long and appears below your app’s name throughout the App Store. Subtitle Subtitle App previews An app preview demonstrates the features, functionality, and UI of your app in a short video that users watch directly on the App Store. Previews can be up to 30 seconds long and use footage captured on the device to show the experience of using your app. You can feature up to three app previews on your App Store and Mac App Store product pages, and localize them for all available App Store languages. App previews autoplay with muted audio when users view your product page, so make sure the first few seconds of your video are visually compelling. App preview poster frames appear whenever videos do not autoplay. To learn about creating great app previews, see Show More with App Previews . App Preview App Preview Screenshots Use images captured from your app’s UI to visually communicate your app’s user experience. You can feature up to 10 screenshots on your App Store and Mac App Store product pages. Depending on the orientation of your screenshots, the first one to three images will appear in search results when no app preview is available, so make sure these highlight the essence of your app. Focus each subsequent screenshot on a main benefit or feature so that you fully convey your app’s value. If your app supports Dark Mode, consider including at least one screenshot that showcases what the experience looks like for users. For screenshot specifications, see App Store Connect Help . Screenshot Screenshot Description Provide an engaging description that highlights the features and functionality of your app. The ideal description is a concise, informative paragraph followed by a short list of main features. Let potential users know what makes your app unique and why they’ll love it. Communicate in the tone of your brand, and use terminology your target audience will appreciate and understand. The first sentence of your description is the most important — this is what users can read without having to tap to read more. Every word counts, so focus on your app’s unique features. If you choose to mention an accolade, we recommend putting it at the end of your description or as part of your promotional text. Don’t add unnecessary keywords to your description in an attempt to improve search results. Also avoid including specific prices in your app description. Pricing is already shown on the product page, and references within the description may not be accurate in all regions. You can update your app’s description when you submit a new version of your app. If you want to share important updates more frequently, consider using your promotional text instead. Promotional text Your app’s promotional text appears at the top of the description and is up to 170 characters long. You can update promotional text at any time without having to submit a new version of your app. Consider using this to share the latest news about your app, such as limited-time sales or upcoming features. Description Description Keywords Keywords help determine where your app displays in search results, so choose them carefully to ensure your app is easily discoverable. Choose keywords based on words you think your audience will use to find an app like yours. Be specific when describing your app’s features and functionality to help the search algorithm surface your app in relevant searches. Consider the trade-off between ranking well for less common terms versus ranking lower for popular terms. Popular, functional terms, such as “jobs” or “social”, may drive a lot of traffic, but are highly competitive in the rankings. Less common terms drive lower traffic, but are less competitive. Keywords are limited to 100 characters total, with terms separated by commas and no spaces. (Note that you can use spaces to separate words within keyword phrases. For example: Property,House,Real Estate.) Maximize the number of words that fit in this character limit by avoiding the following: Plurals of words that you’ve already included in singular form Names of categories or the word “app” Duplicate words Special characters — such as # or @ — unless they’re part of your brand identity. Special characters don’t carry extra weight when users search for your app. Improper use of keywords is a common reason for App Store rejections. Do not use the following in your keywords: Unauthorized use of trademarked terms, celebrity names, and other protected words and phrases Terms that are not relevant to the app Competing app names Irrelevant, inappropriate, offensive, or objectionable terms In addition, keep in mind that promotional text doesn’t affect your app’s search ranking so it should not be used to display keywords. In-app purchases Users can view and start an in-app purchase from your product page. In-app purchases and subscriptions are shown in two separate sections on your product page, and you can showcase up to 20 total items across both of these sections. You can even choose the order in which to list them to help drive awareness for specific content. Each item has its own display name, promotional image, and description. In-app purchase names are limited to 35 characters and descriptions are limited to 55 characters, so be descriptive, accurate, and concise when highlighting their benefits. In-app purchases can also appear in search results and be featured on the Today, Games, and Apps tabs. When users tap on an in-app purchase in these locations, they are taken to your product page where they can read your app’s description, view screenshots and app previews, or start the in-app purchase. If they don’t have your app installed on their device when they start the in-app purchase, they’ll be prompted to download or purchase the app to complete the transaction. For details, see Promoting Your Apple In-App Purchases . Apple In-App Purchase Apple In-App Purchase What’s New When you update your app, you can use What’s New to communicate changes to users. This text appears on your product page and on the Updates tab. If you added a feature or fixed a bug based on feedback, use What’s New to let users know that you’ve listened to them. List new features, content, or functionality in order of importance, and add call-to-action messaging that gets users excited about the update. What’s New What’s New Ratings and reviews Ratings and reviews influence how your app ranks in search and can encourage users to engage with your app from search results, so focus on providing a great app experience that motivates users to leave positive reviews. Individual ratings inform your app’s summary rating, which is displayed on your product page and in search results. This summary rating is specific to each territory on the App Store. The SKStoreReviewController API lets you give users an easy way to provide feedback about your app. You can prompt for ratings up to three times in a 365-day period. Users will submit a rating through the standardized prompt, and can write and submit a review without leaving the app. You can use App Store Connect to respond to customer reviews of your app to directly address their feedback, questions, and concerns. When you respond, the reviewer will be notified and will have the option to update their review. Reviews and responses can be updated at any time, but only the latest review and response for each user will display on your product page. For details, see Ratings, Reviews, and Responses . Categories Categories on the App Store help users discover new apps to meet their needs. You can assign a primary and a secondary category to your app. The primary category is particularly important for discoverability, as it helps users find your app when browsing or filtering search results, and it determines in which tab your app appears on the App Store. Be sure to select the primary category that’s most relevant. Choosing categories that are not relevant to your app may cause your app to be rejected when submitted for review. For details, see Choosing a Category . Localization If your app is available in multiple languages, make sure to localize your app description, keywords, app previews, and screenshots, for each of the markets in which you offer your app. You can also translate your app’s name and tailor your keywords to reflect the values of each market so your app might better resonate with the local audience. For details, see Localize App Store information . To learn about localizing your app, see Expanding Your App to New Markets . Get more from your product page Product page optimization Try out alternate versions of your app’s product page with different icons, screenshots, and app previews to find out which one gets the best results. Each version is shown to a percentage of randomly selected, eligible App Store users and results appear in App Analytics, so you can set the best performing one to display to everyone on the App Store. Learn more Custom product pages Create additional versions of your app’s product page to highlight specific features or content, discoverable through unique URLs that you share. Custom product pages can have different screenshots, app previews, and promotional text — and are fully localizable — so you can showcase a particular sport, character, show, gameplay feature, and more. Learn more Metadata for Other Apple Platforms Find out how to prepare your product page metadata. App Store for Apple Watch App Store for Apple TV App Store for iMessage App Store for visionOS Submit Prepare your apps and metadata for submission to the App Store. Learn more Manage Manage apps, analytics, sales reports, business information, and more. Learn more Promote Get marketing guidance and tools to help you promote your app on the App Store. Learn more Support Have a question or request? Get help with guides, articles, or by contacting us. Learn more Developer Footer This information applies to the App Store on iOS 11 and later, and the Mac App Store on macOS Mojave and later. While metadata you provide is shared across the App Store on all versions of the platform on which your app is available, some fields and features may not be available on earlier versions. App Store Creating Your Product Page Platforms Open Menu Close Menu iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS App Store Tools Open Menu Close Menu Swift SwiftUI Swift Playground TestFlight Xcode Xcode Cloud Icon Composer SF Symbols Technologies Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Accessories AI & Machine Learning Apple In-App Purchase Apple Intelligence Audio & Video Augmented Reality Business Design Distribution Education Games Health & Fitness Localization Maps & Location Security Safari & Web Resources Open Menu Close Menu Documentation Downloads Sample Code Videos Documentation Archive Support Open Menu Close Menu Help Guides & Articles Contact Us Forums Feedback & Bug Reporting System Status Account Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer App Store Connect Certificates, IDs, & Profiles Feedback Assistant Programs Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer Program Apple Developer Enterprise Program App Store Small Business Program MFi Program Mini Apps Partner Program News Partner Program Video Partner Program Security Bounty Program Security Research Device Program Events Open Menu Close Menu Meet with Apple Apple Developer Centers App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Academies WWDC Read the latest news . Get the Apple Developer app . Follow us on bilibili , LinkedIn , WeChat , and YouTube . Light Dark Auto Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Agreements and Guidelines 