 3 App Store Optimization Tricks | Drive Conversions 
 Solutions Solutions
 Products Products
 Blog 
 Resources Resources
 Company Company
 Contact Sales 
 Log In 
 Sensor Tower’s MCP Server is Live!
 Explore MCP Integrations
 Blog
 Mobile App Insights · Lucy Greider · April 2025
 3 App Store Optimization Strategies To Boost Visibility and Drive Conversions
 In this article, we break down three core pillars of ASO—keyword optimization, visual assets, and user reviews—and share how Sensor Tower’s App Performance Insights can help you implement them effectively.
 According to data released by Apple, over 70% of App Store visitors use the search function to discover apps — making search rankings one of the most critical factors in driving downloads. App Performance Insights , part of Sensor Tower’s suite of solutions, provides customers with top-tier visibility into their current app store performance, as well as exclusive insights and concrete recommendations to guide them towards a more successful strategy. In this article we’ll outline three main components of App Store Optimization, highlighting the strategies you’ll want to implement to maximize your app’s discoverability, increase conversion rates, and ultimately win more users. 
 App Store Optimization Tip #1: Optimize Your App Title & Keywords 
 Keywords are the foundation of a high-impact App Store Optimization (ASO) strategy, directly influencing your app’s visibility and rankings. Optimizing metadata using high-relevance, high-intent keywords boosts algorithmic relevance, and signals that your app should appear in those results. Titles (your app’s name) and subtitles hold the most weight in this regard; your app store description is another key focus area. All of your copy should naturally integrate target keywords while clearly communicating your app’s unique value—avoid keyword stuffing.
 A well-balanced keyword strategy involves both long- and short-tail keywords. Short-tail keywords (e.g., 'fruit') are broad but competitive, while long-tail keywords (e.g., 'most popular fruit in America') are more specific and easier to rank for. A balanced strategy maximizes reach and conversion. 
 Always keep a keen eye trained on your competitors, focusing on how top apps update keywords based on trends. Effective competitor benchmarking can help you address your blind spots and fill in any keyword gaps. You don’t want to lose out on potential engagement due to lackluster metadata. Finally, some apps opt for localization as part of their strategy, using region-specific keywords in order to perform better in different markets. 
  App Store Optimization Tip #2: Leverage High-Quality Screenshots & Video Previews 
 High-quality visuals can compliment your strategic copy, contributing to a well-rounded App Store Optimization strategy. The screenshots you choose to include in your app store profile have a strong influence on conversion rates, and high-performing apps use storytelling visuals to showcase key features. Create a narrative around your app, highlighting unique selling points and use cases paired with eye-catching imagery. 
 You also have the option to include videos alongside static images. Best practice is to keep these under thirty seconds long so as to retain viewers. Display core app functionality within the first five seconds, and include text callouts for clarity, reiterating main points in written form. If you’re unsure of which creatives are likely to drive the most conversions, opt for a simple A/B test. Top-performing apps regularly test screenshot layouts, color schemes, and CTA placements in order to determine the most successful combination. 
 App Store Optimization Tip #3: Encourage More Ratings & Reviews 
 Finally, ratings and reviews are of paramount importance when it comes to concocting a successful App Store Optimization strategy. The higher your rating is, the more visibility you’ll achieve. Aim for four stars or higher; this makes your app more likely to appear high up in search results, whereas a low rating can hinder your ability to gain impressions. 
 Consider adding in-app push notifications urging users to review your app. This tactic can be very effective if done well, but timing matters. Prompt users for reviews after a positive interaction (e.g., completing a task.) Avoid prompting after frustrating moments, such as the app crashing. Finally, responding to reviews improves retention. Users are more likely to return when developers engage, and they feel as if their feedback is being taken into account. 
 Sensor Tower’s App Performance Insights can help you perfect these strategies, providing exclusive insights and guidance that lets you optimize your store listings, assess keyword opportunities, and see how your competitors stand out. You can also analyze the impact of Apple Search Ads campaigns and determine where you’re able to outbid competitors. The platform offers twelve unique reports relating to keyword optimization, reviews, and ratings, providing you with unparalleled visibility into your current performance, and underlining the steps needed to improve. 
 Are you interested in learning more about how App Performance Insights can raise your app to new heights? Book a demo and we’ll talk through how Sensor Tower’s solutions can work for you. 
 Sensor Tower's platform is an enterprise-level offering. Interested in learning more? 
 Request Demo 
 Written by: Lucy Greider, Manager of Digital and Content Marketing
 Date: April 2025
 App Store Optimization (ASO) 
 Top Apps 
 About 
 Careers 
 Support 
 Status 
 Terms of Service 
 Privacy 
 Press 
 Cookies 
 Security 
 Copyright © 2026 Sensor Tower. All rights reserved.
 Manage Cookies 
 Copyright © 2026 Sensor Tower. All rights reserved.
 Manage Cookies 
