 
 Updated App Preview Analytics: Advanced Video Metrics for A/B Tests 
Login
 Acquire 
 App Radar 
 Optimize 
Talk to an expert
 How we help 
 Products & Services 
 Pricing 
 Resources 
Login
 Acquire 
 App Radar 
 Optimize 
Talk to an expert
Products & Services 
 Acquire 
 Iris 
 App Radar 
 Optimize 
 Growth Services 
 Integrations 
 AppsFlyer 
 Adjust 
 Singular 
 Branch.io 
 RevenueCat 
 Tenjin 
 Qonversion 
 App Hud 
 Talk to an expert 
Resources 
 Learn
 Latest Article 
 Best app marketing conferences for 2027 (and the rest of 2026)
 See all Blog articles 
 Latest Event 
 Custom product pages: a playbook for scaling Apple Ads performance
 See all Events & Webinars 
 Latest Case Study 
 How BetterSleep Improved ROAS by 40.5% Using CPP Experiments in SplitMetrics Acquire
 See all Customer Stories 
 Latest Report 
 Games in 2026:  SplitMetrics’ Ultimate Apple Ads Playbook (+Benchmarks)
 See all Benchmarks & Reports 
 Talk to an expert 
How we help 
 Technology
 ROAS & CPA Optimization 
 Scaling & Share of Voice Optimization 
 App Store Optimization 
 Competitor Intelligence 
 A/B Testing & Experiments 
 Growth Services
 Services Overview 
 Fully Managed ASO 
 Fully Managed Apple Ads 
 Multichannel Advertising 
 Creative Production 
 Our AI & Data
 Iris AI Agents 
 Samba AI Models 
 Market Intelligence 
 Talk to an expert 
 Main A/B Testing Article 
 A/B Testing , Product Updates  — 23 May 2018 
 SplitMetrics Update: Advanced Video Analytics for App Preview A/B Tests
SplitMetrics 
 Video content is conquering the world. According to Hubspot , 90% of users state that product videos facilitate the decision-making process. However, when it comes to app previews in the App Store, one shouldn’t rush to pack their product pages with three 30-second long videos. 
 There are a lot of cases when a clumsy app preview doomed app’s conversion giving the impression that the publisher doesn’t really care. Nevertheless, smart app previews work their video magic and boost downloads . According to our study, optimization of video previews triggers the average conversion increase of around 16% . 
 A/B testing is one of the best ways to reduce the risk factor of app previews. To take your video experiments to the next level making them even more impactful , the SplitMetrics team prepared brand new advanced analytics for app previews in the App Store. 
 Updated App Preview A/B Tests: Advanced Video Metrics 
 Our extended analytics presents a complete picture of how users interact with the app preview on your product page. The advanced metrics are available not only for video experiments but also for all product page A/B tests that feature app previews. 
 All metrics are represented in the way that smoothes comparison process making it really convenient to: 
 correlate videos from different variations; 
 oppose up to 3 app previews of the same variation. 
 The analytics page now includes the following video metrics : 
 Visitors who Watched the Video 
 This metric indicates the number of your product page visitors that watched at least one video on the variation for more than 3 seconds . Mind that time in the autoplay mode is included. 
 View Rate 
 This metric indicates the percentage of visitors that watched at least one video on the variation for more than 3 seconds, it also includes autoplay. 
 Installs after Watching the Video 
 Here you can find the number of taps to install that happen when the video is being watched or after watching more than first 3 seconds of it. Once again, autoplay is included. 
 Install Rate after Watching the Video 
 This metric shows the percentage of taps to install that happens when the video is being watched or after watching more than first 3 seconds of it (including autoplay). 
 Average View Duration 
 This metric lets you know the average view duration of your video preview. To make results as precise as possible, we consider only video views that last for more than 3 seconds including autoplay. 
 Average View Duration before Install 
 Thanks to this metric you can find the average view duration before users tap the ‘Install’ button. For the sake of experiments integrity, we take into consideration only video views that last for more than 3 seconds . The time in the autoplay mode is taken into consideration as well. 
 Graph on Average View Duration 
 The graph depicts the average view duration among visitors of the product page of your app (including autoplay). The coolest thing about this graph is that it is synchronized with the video player. It means that you can find out the very frames of your app preview that make users stop watching your video. 
 Graph on Average View Duration before Install 
 The graph indicates the average view duration before tapping the ‘Install’ button (including autoplay). This graph is synchronized with the video player as well. Thus, now you can identify the episodes of your app preview that triggered installs . 
 Insights that Updated App Preview A/B Tests Provide 
 When we started working on extending our video analytics, our main focus was on pains related to app previews that app publishers currently face with. The advanced insights we now provide should turn all these problems into things of the past. 
 Above all, SplitMetrics video analytics answers the most important question : 
 Do you need an app preview on your product page? 
 As it was mentioned above, a poor video may doom app’s performance at times. There are also cases when target audience just prefers a screenshot over an app preview no matter how skillful and awesome the latter is. You can finally find out if your users are interested in app previews at all. 
 To answer this question you should: 
 correlate the number of your product page visitors and users who actually watch your app preview; 
 identify how app previews affect installs finding out how many installs happen when users are watching a video and which app preview episodes are the most impactful. 
 If you confirm the necessity of app previews on your product page, advanced metrics will help to resolve other burning issues such as: 
 How many app previews you need? 
 In which order should you put your app previews to maximize results? 
 The latest update of SplitMetrics A/B testing platform also assists in nailing a perfect video length as our advanced analytics informs which exact app preview episodes make users leave your product page. 
 You are also able to identify for how long your app previews can hold users attention . These insights will help you use video time wisely putting the most important content when users are as engaged as possible . 
 Data-driven approach always makes sense and crafting of app preview is no exception. SplitMetrics provides you with the platform which helps to change your approach to creating videos for the App Store. Now you can find out what your users really need and enjoy conversion increase which will follow for sure. 
 Share this article
 Copied
 SplitMetrics
 Read all articles 
 Apple Ads Optimization
 Cut CPA by 50% and double campaign ROAS with our free AI-powered automation solution.
 Create Free Account 
 Get valuable insights in your inbox
 Choose the topic you are interested in and get the latest and most up-to-date news
 Share this article
 Copied
 Recommended
Article 
Best app marketing conferences for 2027 (and the rest of 2026) 
1 Oct 2026 
Custom product pages: a playbook for scaling Apple Ads performance 
22 Sep 2026 
Custom product page testing at scale: introducing a Switch method for CPP Experiments 
18 Sep 2026 
App Store Creative Assets: How the New App Store Feature Impacts App Visibility 
18 Sep 2026 
 Read next
Downloads 
Shopping Apps 2025 Report: Apple Ads Search Results Campaigns & ASO Benchmarks by SplitMetrics 
16 Dec 2025 
How SplitMetrics Agency Improved Monetization Performance With Paywall Optimization 
12 Jun 2025 
How SplitMetrics Optimize Helped Episode Boost Conversion Rates by Refreshing Creative Assets 
19 Mar 2025 
Bitcoin.com: Driving Organic Growth Through Strategic ASO 
11 Dec 2024 
 Featured posts
Article 
Apple Ads Guide: From Beginner to Expert (2025) 
14 Sep 2026 
Apple Ads Optimization Checklist & Troubleshooting 
29 Oct 2024 
Apple Ads Cost: Evaluation and SplitMetrics' CPA, CPT, CR, TTR Benchmarks for 2026  
14 Sep 2026 
10+1 Apple Ads Best Practices: Ultimate Guide 
3 Sep 2026 
 1/4 
 Talk with our mobile marketing experts
 Which solutions are you interested in?
 Choose a solution 
 SaaS Products 
 Suite of products for Apple Ads, ASO, market intelligence and AI. 
 Growth Services 
 Team of experts for your UA, ASO, creative optimization and more. 
 Select all that apply:
 Select SaaS products 
 Scale Apple Ads profitably with Samba AI 
 Delegate tasks to our AI Agent for Apple Ads 
 Improve ASO and drive organic installs worldwide 
 Run mobile A/B tests and validate hypothesis 
 Select growth services 
 Fully-managed Apple Ads 
 Ongoing Apple Ads optimization incl. CPP design and testing. 
 Fully-managed ASO 
 Complete ASO cycle incl. CVR optimization and A/B testing. 
 Multichannel Ad Service 
 Scaling ad campaigns on 15+ UA channels incl. programmatic. 
 Creative Production 
 End-to-end asset creation for every ad platform you need. 
 Product Optimization 
 Activation, retention and monetisation improvements. 
 Next 
 2/4 
 Help us customize your experience
 First name 
 * 
 Last name 
 * 
 Work email 
 * 
 Job title 
 * 
 What challenges can we help you solve? 
 How did you hear about us? 
 * 
By clicking on "Next" you agree to our Privacy Policy and allow SplitMetrics Inc. to store and process your personal data in accordance with it.
Back
 Next 
 3/4 
 Tell us about your business
 Company name 
 * 
 App category 
 (select) 
 * 
 Select 
 Business 
 Education 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Games 
 Health&Fitness 
 Photo&Video 
 Productivity 
 Social Networking 
 Sports 
 Utilities 
 Other 
 Link to your app 
 Monthly mobile ad spend 
 * 
 up to $25,000 
 $25,000 - $50,000 
 $50,000 - $100,000 
 $100,000 - $200,000 
 $200,000 - $500,000 
 over $500,000 
 I don't know 
 Monthly app downloads 
 * 
 < 10 000 
 10 001 - 30 000 
 30 001 - 50 000 
 50 001 - 100 000 
 100 001 - 500 000 
 > 500 000 
 I don't know 
Back
 Next 
 4/4 
 Meet your SplitMetrics expert!
We've found the right person to help you reach your growth goals. Schedule a 30-minutes call to discuss your needs and get personalized support.
 Loading calendar
 Available meeting times will appear here in a moment.
 Calendar unavailable
 Please try again later or contact us directly to book your demo.
 Your call is booked.
We're looking forward to learning more about your business. Speak soon!
Trusted by category leaders
 “While evaluating available vendors, SplitMetrics offered the most advanced feature set and extensive support on the market.” 
 “SplitMetrics has been instrumental in managing our Apple Ads, as well as paid social campaigns across Meta, Google, and TikTok.” 
 “The biggest improvement is the confidence that our campaigns are running at their full potential.” 
 