 
 Prequel gets 75% improvement with A/B testing of video with SplitMetrics Optimize 
Login
 Acquire 
 App Radar 
 Optimize 
Talk to an expert
 How we help 
 Products & Services 
 Pricing 
 Resources 
Login
 Acquire 
 App Radar 
 Optimize 
Talk to an expert
Products & Services 
 Acquire 
 Iris 
 App Radar 
 Optimize 
 Growth Services 
 Integrations 
 AppsFlyer 
 Adjust 
 Singular 
 Branch.io 
 RevenueCat 
 Tenjin 
 Qonversion 
 App Hud 
 Talk to an expert 
Resources 
 Learn
 Latest Article 
 Custom product page testing at scale: introducing a Switch method for CPP Experiments
 See all Blog articles 
 Latest Event 
 Custom product pages: a playbook for scaling Apple Ads performance
 See all Events & Webinars 
 Latest Case Study 
 How BetterSleep Improved ROAS by 40.5% Using CPP Experiments in SplitMetrics Acquire
 See all Customer Stories 
 Latest Report 
 Games in 2026:  SplitMetrics’ Ultimate Apple Ads Playbook (+Benchmarks)
 See all Benchmarks & Reports 
 Talk to an expert 
How we help 
 Technology
 ROAS & CPA Optimization 
 Scaling & Share of Voice Optimization 
 App Store Optimization 
 Competitor Intelligence 
 A/B Testing & Experiments 
 Growth Services
 Services Overview 
 Fully Managed ASO 
 Fully Managed Apple Ads 
 Multichannel Advertising 
 Creative Production 
 Our AI & Data
 Iris AI Agents 
 Samba AI Models 
 Market Intelligence 
 Talk to an expert 
 Back to cases 
 Category 
Photo & Video 
Prequel: How to get 75% improvement with A/B testing of video 
 Product used
 Share
 Copied
 Challenge
 Prequel is a world-famous photo and video editing app with multiple presets used by hundreds of thousands of users, including celebrities.
 When the app was just launched and the Prequel team had the first user base, they realized that they needed to move on and run mobile A/B tests to check various concepts. Prequel started working with ad traffic, validating different hypotheses and approaches to the app store product page design. It quickly became clear that it is rather tough to conduct tests and analyze the results without additional tools.
 Solution
 “The Prequel app is closely related to photo and video editing, where nothing stands still and we do our utmost to always be at the forefront of the latest trends. Through mobile A/B testing of visual assets, we validate our hypotheses about potential user reactions to our ideas and values. We discovered that the SplitMetrics platform is the best possible option. This is an important tool for out-of-store A/B testing experiments that helps us optimize our app listing on the App Store and Google Play without risking to drop the conversion rate.”
 Stas Levshin, Growth Product Manager at Prequel
 Conversion rate increase is by far the most important indicator the Prequel team look at in terms of A/B testing. But apart from that, the smallest detail and cause-and-effect relationships are also important. For example, has conversion increased because Prequel balanced the product and the marketing, or this is because the team chose the right visuals or delivered value? SplitMetrics, with in-depth analytics it provides, helps Prequel find answers to these and many other questions.
 Result
 Prequel mainly works on the optimization of screenshots and video previews, since the app itself is inextricably linked with the visuals. Prequel provides users with a large number of effects and filters, as well as internal tools that the team can market in different ways and thus find valuable insights. 
 Once the Client had a hypothesis that video may not always have a good effect on conversion, and that it should be replaced with screenshots. Prequel ran a test on SplitMetrics and found out that without a video, the product page performance decreases: users are more reluctant to stay on the app’s listing page, scroll through screenshots less and interact with the app after viewing them. So it became obvious that video is an essential element for the Prequel’s product page, and the company turned to SplitMetrics Customer Success Team for further advice.
 In addition to the insight about the importance of video in our case, the Prequel team had another idea for A/B testing: they noticed that users do not watch the video for too long, they spend literally 5-7 seconds on watching, and also do not scroll through screenshots much. And since the first position on the app store product page is taken by a freeze frame from the video, the team decided to optimize it. 
 Before running an experiment, Prequel used just a screenshot from the app without any additional captions, so as not to cover the content and in order to better showcase the interface. But then the Client decided to add a caption to this still frame, explaining that Prequel is a photo & video editing app. In subsequent iterations, the team again conducted an experiment, which unambiguously confirmed the need to replace the old video cover with a new one. It hasn’t been very long since the team updated the format, but the first results are already encouraging – improvement is around 75% .
 We, as a photo and video editing app, often release many new effects and filters for processing the content of our users. Advertising of new features and top retouched photos in terms of frequency does not lag behind the releases. We test different positioning of all of this with SplitMetrics. Sometimes there are situations for the product and the marketing, different things perform well. That’s why for us a page in the app store becomes an important point of contact between the product and marketing, where we try to keep the user in a kind of averaged compromise context. SplitMetrics helps us to find the points of convergence between product and marketing parts.
 Stas Levshin , Growth Product Manager at Prequel
 Want to achieve similar results?
 Schedule a demo call with one of our optimization experts
 Book a Demo 
 Keep reading
All case studies
Health & Fitness 
Acquire 
How BetterSleep Improved ROAS by 40.5% Using CPP Experiments in SplitMetrics Acquire 
Games 
Services 
How SplitMetrics Drove +399% Store Visitors and +335% Acquisitions for Farm Jam on Google Play 
Games 
Optimize 
How Hidden City Increased Installs by 10% Worldwide with SplitMetrics Optimize 
Utilities 
Acquire 
How Leadtech Group Used AI Agent Iris for Competitive Intelligence and Market Expansion in Apple Ads 
 Ready to scale your Apple Ads?
 Book time with the team that delivers +25% revenue growth for Fortune 100 brands.
 Talk to an expert 
 1/4 
 Talk with our mobile marketing experts
 Which solutions are you interested in?
 Choose a solution 
 SaaS Products 
 Suite of products for Apple Ads, ASO, market intelligence and AI. 
 Growth Services 
 Team of experts for your UA, ASO, creative optimization and more. 
 Select all that apply:
 Select SaaS products 
 Scale Apple Ads profitably with Samba AI 
 Delegate tasks to our AI Agent for Apple Ads 
 Improve ASO and drive organic installs worldwide 
 Run mobile A/B tests and validate hypothesis 
 Select growth services 
 Fully-managed Apple Ads 
 Ongoing Apple Ads optimization incl. CPP design and testing. 
 Fully-managed ASO 
 Complete ASO cycle incl. CVR optimization and A/B testing. 
 Multichannel Ad Service 
 Scaling ad campaigns on 15+ UA channels incl. programmatic. 
 Creative Production 
 End-to-end asset creation for every ad platform you need. 
 Product Optimization 
 Activation, retention and monetisation improvements. 
 Next 
 2/4 
 Help us customize your experience
 First name 
 * 
 Last name 
 * 
 Work email 
 * 
 Job title 
 * 
 What challenges can we help you solve? 
 How did you hear about us? 
 * 
By clicking on "Next" you agree to our Privacy Policy and allow SplitMetrics Inc. to store and process your personal data in accordance with it.
Back
 Next 
 3/4 
 Tell us about your business
 Company name 
 * 
 App category 
 (select) 
 * 
 Select 
 Business 
 Education 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Games 
 Health&Fitness 
 Photo&Video 
 Productivity 
 Social Networking 
 Sports 
 Utilities 
 Other 
 Link to your app 
 Monthly mobile ad spend 
 * 
 up to $25,000 
 $25,000 - $50,000 
 $50,000 - $100,000 
 $100,000 - $200,000 
 $200,000 - $500,000 
 over $500,000 
 I don't know 
 Monthly app downloads 
 * 
 < 10 000 
 10 001 - 30 000 
 30 001 - 50 000 
 50 001 - 100 000 
 100 001 - 500 000 
 > 500 000 
 I don't know 
Back
 Next 
 4/4 
 Meet your SplitMetrics expert!
We've found the right person to help you reach your growth goals. Schedule a 30-minutes call to discuss your needs and get personalized support.
 Loading calendar
 Available meeting times will appear here in a moment.
 Calendar unavailable
 Please try again later or contact us directly to book your demo.
 Your call is booked.
We're looking forward to learning more about your business. Speak soon!
Trusted by category leaders
 “While evaluating available vendors, SplitMetrics offered the most advanced feature set and extensive support on the market.” 
 “SplitMetrics has been instrumental in managing our Apple Ads, as well as paid social campaigns across Meta, Google, and TikTok.” 
 “The biggest improvement is the confidence that our campaigns are running at their full potential.” 
 